---
title: "Blog 2019"
date: 2019-03-13T17:23:50-03:00
description: "As per tradition, it's blog time!"
Tags: ["blog", "web"]
Categories: ["blog"]
---

# Here We Go Again

Just like last year, I've been getting that urge to start keep a blog again. This year, I've managed to 
clean up a few things with the process! I've switched to using Hugo to generate a static site. It's a lot 
more full featured than my hacked together generator in C. Switching to Hugo means that I'll have pagination 
without having to write it myself. It also means that I can switch to using markdown to write posts! Hooray!

Oh wow! Cool, here we go! My first time writing a blog entry using vim! 

# Bye Bye Go Daddy

I've also switched over the [bear blog](http://bears.cookwithchef.com) and [Cook With Chef](http://chef.cookwithchef.com) 
to being statically generated with Hugo. Now that they're just static sites, I can host them on [github.io](http://pages.github.com), 
instead of GoDaddy. This means I can drop my GoDaddy account and save a couple bucks a year.

Good riddens! Having the GoDaddy account was a bit of a disaster. I wasted far too much time using php, since that's all that was available with
the cheapest hosting option. It looks like the offerings may have changed, and there's a chance that I could do rails now, but but I'm so much happier with
the current solution.

I always found GoDaddy's web interface a bit of a pain. I could never find anything. I blew an entire afternoon trying to get cron jobs set up without so much as an email 
giving me an error. Curiously, I started getting some errors a week or so later, and am still getting them to this day. I'm pretty sure I deleted all the cron jobs though? Oh boy!

# Raspberry Pi

I also have Robbie and Jess's raspberry pi right now, so if there's any really fancy server nonsense I want to test out, I can probably
just self host it off the pi. The only GoDaddy project that I have on the go right now that wouldn't work as a static web page, is the [Gumball Machine](/posts/apps/projects_feb_2018/), but that's currently broken anyway.  
